---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flightdeck_catalog_provider Resource - terraform-provider-flightdeck"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a Flightdeck Catalog Provider.
---

# flightdeck_catalog_provider (Resource)

Represents a Flightdeck Catalog Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Catalog Provider resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck Organization resource.
- `portal_name` (String) The name of the Flightdeck Portal resource.

### Optional

- `github` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))
- `location` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time of the resources creation.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck resource.

<a id="nestedatt--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Required:

- `organization` (String) The organization to use for the catalog.

Optional:

- `catalog_path` (String) The path to the catalog file.
- `filters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github--filters))
- `host` (String) The host for the Github catalog provider.

<a id="nestedatt--github--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github.filters`

Optional:

- `allow_forks` (Boolean) Whether to include forks in the catalog.
- `branch` (String) The branch to use for the catalog.
- `repository` (String) The repository to use for the catalog.
- `topic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github--filters--topic))
- `visibility` (List of String) The visibility of the repositories to include in the catalog.

<a id="nestedatt--github--filters--topic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github.filters.topic`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) A list of Github topics to exclude from the catalog.
- `include` (List of String) A list of Github topics to include in the catalog.




<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host for the Gitlab catalog provider.

Optional:

- `branch` (String) The branch to use for the catalog.
- `entity_filename` (String) The filename to use for the entity.
- `group` (String) The group to use for the catalog.
- `group_pattern` (String) The group pattern to use for the catalog.
- `project_pattern` (String) The project pattern to use for the catalog.
- `skip_forked_repos` (Boolean) Whether to skip forked repositories in the catalog.
- `user_pattern` (String) The user pattern to use for the catalog.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Required:

- `target` (String) The target URL for the location catalog provider.

Optional:

- `allow` (List of String) The types of entities to allow in the catalog.
