---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flightdeck_integration Resource - terraform-provider-flightdeck"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents an Integration resource.
---

# flightdeck_integration (Resource)

Represents an Integration resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Integration.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck Organization resource.
- `portal_name` (String) The name of the Flightdeck Portal resource.

### Optional

- `github` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time of the resources creation.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck resource.

<a id="nestedatt--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname of the given GitHub instance

Optional:

- `api_base_url` (String) The base url for the GitHub API, for example https://api.github.com
- `apps` (Attributes List) GitHub Apps configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github--apps))
- `raw_base_url` (String) The base url for GitHub raw resources, for example https://raw.githubusercontent.com
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token used to authenticate requests.

<a id="nestedatt--github--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github.apps`

Required:

- `app_id` (String) The numeric GitHub App ID, string for environment variables
- `client_id` (String) The client ID to use
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret to use
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key to use for auth against the app
- `webhook_secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret used for webhooks

Optional:

- `allowed_installation_owners` (List of String) List of installation owners allowed to be used by this GitHub app. The GitHub UI does not provide a way to list the installations.
However you can list the installations with the GitHub API. You can find the list of installations here:
https://api.github.com/app/installations
The relevant documentation for this is here.
https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/apps#list-installations-for-the-authenticated-app--code-samples



<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname of the Gitlab instance.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token used to authenticate requests.

Optional:

- `api_base_url` (String) The base URL of the Gitlab API.
- `base_url` (String) The base URL of the Gitlab instance.
