---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flightdeck_portal_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-flightdeck"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a Portal Proxy resource.
---

# flightdeck_portal_proxy (Resource)

Represents a Portal Proxy resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credentials` (String) The credential configuration of the Portal Proxy.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the Portal Proxy.
- `name` (String) The name of the Portal Proxy.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck Organization resource.
- `portal_name` (String) The name of the Flightdeck Portal resource.
- `target` (String) The HTTP target of the Portal Proxy.

### Optional

- `allowed_headers` (List of String) The list of allowed HTTP headers.
- `allowed_methods` (List of String) The list of allowed HTTP methods.
- `change_origin` (Boolean) Indicates whether to change the origin of the Portal Proxy.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) The list of Portal Proxy Header resources to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_headers))
- `path_rewrite` (Attributes List) The list of Portal Proxy Path Rewrite resources to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--path_rewrite))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time of the resources creation.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Flightdeck resource.

<a id="nestedatt--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header.
- `value` (String) The value of the HTTP header.


<a id="nestedatt--path_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `path_rewrite`

Required:

- `dst` (String) The destination of the path to rewrite.
- `src` (String) The source path to rewrite.
